Added documentation for the template locking and GST improvements (#224)
absmartly/docs: docs/web-console-docs/setting-up-a-fixed-horizon-experiment.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

import Image from "../../src/components/Image";
import FutureDate from "../../src/components/FutureDate";

# Setting up a Fixed Horizon Experiment

> A step by step guide to setup and configure a Fixed Horizon experiment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A step by step guide to set up and configure a Fixed Horizon experiment.
```

<Image img="basics.png" alt="A screenshot of the basics experiment creation page" />

## Type of Analysis

A Fixed Horizon test can be configured on the Analysis step (Step 5) of the experimentation setup.
To understand the differences between Group Sequential and Fixed Horizon experiment check our [analysis type article](/docs/web-console-docs/type-of-analysis).

[TODO add Screenshot of 'Type of analysis']

:::note

> The default type of analysis for you experiments can be defined in your platform settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default type of analysis for your experiments can be defined in your platform settings.
```

:::

## Error control

In this section, you can choose the **confidence** and **power** levels for your experiment. 

**Confidence** measures the probability that you would not incorrectly reject the null hypothesis when it is true. 
In other words, it reflects how sure you want to be that a result is not due to random chance.

> For example, if your confidence level is 90%, you have a 10% chance of a false positive error (rejecting the null hypothesis when it is actually true).

Reviewer: Do we describe anywhere what "the null hyposthesis" means? 🤔 It might be useful to clarify it.

**Measurable:**
Can it be tracked reliably? The metric should be easy to measure accurately and consistently across all experimental conditions.
:::

If this is not a new metric and we have already collected data for it, you will see the metrics performance graph below.

[TODO Add a screenshot]

This graph shows the metric's variance and standard deviation over the last 6 weeks for your selected platform(s) and tracking unit. 
This is an indication of what you can expect if you start your experiment now with this metric as your primary metric.

## Adaptive Sample Size

In this section you need to specify a MDE which will be used in the experiment setup.

### Basic

In the basic mode you can simply enter the MDE in the text field.

### Advanced

In the advanced mode you can choose a MDE using the built-in power table.
To estimate the MDE you need to input the conversion rate for binomial metrics or the mean and standard deviation for continuous metrics.
Using the power table you can then choose a relevant MDE based on runtime or sample size for the power level you selected above.

> [TODO Add screenshot]

Reviewer: Just to remember there are a few todo points in this page 🙂
